# hubVis 0.1.1

This release contains an update to fix issue #46:

- create legend after plot generated to add all expected trace in the legend
- transform the fill_by column as a factor (internally) to ensure the palette 
is assigned properly

# hubVis 0.1.0

Release stable 0.1.0 version

This release contains an update to the parameter `group` in the 
`plot_step_ahead_model_output()` function, now available for "static" and 
"interactive" plot. (#16). Snapshots tests of graphical output (#13) has been 
added too.

# hubVis 0.0.0.9201

This release contains an update the standardized argument name for model 
output tables in all hubverse packages to `model_out_tbl` (#35).

Warning output message has also been updated for more clarification (#36).

# hubVis 0.0.0.9100

This release contains an update to apply standardized hub vocabulary and use 
"target data" rather than "truth data" in the hub (including in the functions 
parameter and associated documentation) (#21), use examples from the 
[hubExamples](https://github.com/hubverse-org/hubExamples)
package (#27). The associated parameters in `plot_step_ahead_model_output()` 
for the target data have been updated accordingly. 

It also contains a patch for `plot_step_ahead_model_output()` to return a
warning instead of an error if the output plot is interactive and the `facet_nrow` 
parameter is higher than the number of maximum facet expected (#19). A warning
will also be generated if the input model output table contains empty columns. 

The package is also now upgraded to match the hubverse style and best practise
(#25)

# hubVis 0.0.0.9002

This release contains a new feature, a new optional parameter `group` in the 
`plot_step_ahead_model_output()` function to allow to group or partition the 
input data in the plot according to a specific column. This feature is 
currently only available for "static" plot. Please refer to 
`ggplot2::aes_group_order` for more information. (#16)

# hubVis 0.0.0.9001

This release contains a bug fix for `plot_step_ahead_model_output()` returns
warning instead of an error for `output_type_id` column in class character
instead of numeric (#18)

# hubVis 0.0.0.9000

* Release of first draft `hubVis` package
